[Music]
Well, let's see what Mike Vasco tells us
about the new complaint
filed against Anabel
Pantoja.  Okay, it seems that Naabel
Pantoja is constantly on the move.  And we're
going to start with the topic of Anabel
Pantoja and David Rodríguez, which I've
uploaded to the shorts, because these images
of David Rodríguez with baby
Alma in a procession in Córdoba.
That image was posted here, we
were looking at it.
Look, it's true that the way
these people hold the girl isn't bad,
is it?  Not that you're there in one place,
right?  If you really like Holy Week,
you'll go there, right?  I mean, what do I know,
right?  People, I don't get involved
because I don't like it, but well,
look, you live a normal life, right?  You get into
want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content from your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max or Disney Plus,
Cyberghost, VPN.  And I don't know if you
know this, but there's content that is
n't available in your country, and with this
little trick, you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP.  And aside from
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can tell who you are or
where you are, it also lets you access
certain content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that
prevents you from doing so.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data, and
ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cyberghost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video.
[Music]
But the way you pick up babies, right?
The way they hold the baby they have.  I don't
think every Spaniard would give a peseta
, but they don't have to give.  You have
to go to jail.  No, man.
Multigaming no.
Here in Spain,
no, they don't put you in jail for things
like that.
Man, he's so sorry.  What I do
n't remember is how much the sentence was, I don't know
if it was three months, six months, I don't
remember how much the sentence was, but that doesn't
get you into jail, man.  I don't know,
look, life can get complicated,
I understand, but oh well.  Mm those people
will go all the way and fight and juggle
.  Hey hey the only baby, the
only baby.  I was looking at the
images and I said, I'll see if I see any
more babies, eh, because
maybe I'm a suspicious person,
who likes to split hairs
, who sees ghosts where there aren't any
.  So, where the only one
with the baby without of course placing his
hand on her head, they never, ever
protect her head, eh, and more so in a
procession where this
procession, let's see, the noise was
deafening, it was eh an
impressive roar.  There she was, the only baby,
I was a baby, with a noise like that in a
crowd of people,
something could always fall.  But Javi, at least
there are special headphones for babies
so they don't mind the noise
of the bands so much.
Let's see, what I'm telling you is, I mean,
I do see people during Holy Week with their
carts and babies getting into
the noise, so I understand that it's
normal, right?  For people who like it,
it's normal.  I
mean, as we were talking about at the beginning
of the live, right?  I don't like
Holy Week, so I wouldn't
bother a newborn baby, you
know what I mean?  With a newborn, I
would have to take all the care in the world,
and above all, he's just been through a
delicate state of health, right?  I mean, I don't
get involved in the noise of the Easter fair
or the beaches, okay?  Because for example, the thing
about the beach, right?  When they
took the girl to the beach just after she was
discharged.  It really goes with the beach,
for God's sake.
Or throw something with your head
unprotected, with that one era, with that
one era.  Well, you tell me, you
tell me how Anabel
Pantoja and David Rodríguez are doing, because I don't know
if you realize that the
gossip press, when it comments on these news,
it seems that baby Alma is the
last thing that matters, right?  That Anabel
Pantoja has responded badly to the
press, that David Rodríguez has
told the press, "Your eyes are black,"
that any journalist advises them to
relax, that others comment on the
new complaint that Jesús
Alexis Betencur has filed against them.  All this is, eh,
without seeing.  The lawyer who
filed the complaint is quite a character, right?
The lawyer who filed the complaint
is a character.  I watched it at
midnight once and that lawyer is quite
a character.  Look, you can't
be with Lupa now either.  When I was in Seville, I
took my little girl with me,
drums and everything, and
nothing happened to her.  Of course, I didn't have that
little.  Man, I see that she is very
small.  I see that she is very
small.  I don't know, but people who
really like Holy Week do
these things.  I wouldn't do it because, as I
told you, I don't like Holy Week.  I don't
care about Holy Week.  In fact, you
know?  That complaint smacks of
textbook dismissal.  Yes, Reyes.  Well,
I'm not so sure about it,
huh?  I'm not so sure, Reyes.  I
really don't think that's the case without clarifying it
and with so many ingredients that aren't, I mean,
contradictions in it, I mean, why does it
stand out?  Because?
I mean, based on the fact that it's a dismissal, but
if there is a shaking, there are injuries
that belong to a shaking, how are they
going to leave it like that?  That's it, we didn't
solve it.  I don't see it as that simple,
I don't see it as that simple, really.
I don't see it that way, really.
[Music]